About SolarNu Degeneracy when propagating from Sun to Earth.

The degeneracy is caused by the following factors:
1. Sizable energy bin width for solar neutrino spectra, especialy those with line shapes.
2. Continuous flux distribution in the Sun.
3. Average when integrating over Sun-Earth distance.

This note is to explain all these factors, and the parameter space they affect.

Sun-Earth distance is 7.58122e11 MeV/eV^2.

1.
For different energy, vacuum oscillation holds different oscillation length L = (4*Pi*E)/(\Delta m^2). If in one energy bin(here assuming energy is distributed uniformly in one bin) the oscillation periods are separated by ~10, oscillation will be averaged and neutrinos propagate incoherently.
Obviously it is more difficult to degenerate with smaller energy bin width and larger energy, so we analyze Be7-862.
Energy: 0.862 MeV, bin width: 0.0001MeV.
In order for >50 periods separation, mass splitting should be larger than 3.067e-6 eV^2, under which circumstance degeneracy holds.
The error for SurvProb calculation brought by this approximation is less than 1%.

2.
For the sake of convenience, we treat oscillation length in matter the same as that in vacuum. The orders are the same.
Distribution bin width: 4.1e-3 * SunRadius.
Since Sun-Earth distance is far longer than this bin width, average for this is totally covered by average effect of Factor.3.

3.
Distance between perihelion and aphelion is 0.01672 * Sun-Earth-Distance. With higher energy, approximation condition becomes stricter, so we take highest energy(Boron 8) at 15MeV.
For >50 periods separation, mass splitting should be larger than 7.43525e-7 eV^2. The error is less than 1%.

Factor 1 and Factor 3 will work together, so the actual low bound for degeneracy assumption is lower than 7.43525e-7. In numeric calculation, I decide whether to use this approximation by analyzing Factor 3.

Since the statistical uncertainty for Jinping Neutrino Experiment is more than 1%, precision for this calculation is acceptable.



If degeneracy condition is satisfied, there is no need to calculate vacuum
oscillation. Final state vector should return an averaged value.

If degeneracy condition is not satisfied, error from binning of flux
distribution is negligible, and their contribution should be added together.
Final state vector should be calculated separatedly.
